When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

  Remote repository would be used when collaborating with others on a project or just 
  wanting to share the code with others. Remote repository is also great for keeping 
  an external backup of your work.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically 
stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

  Pulling changes manually allows for better control of the remote repository. The 
  updates to it happen only when they are ready.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one 
instead of another?

  Fork - when you 'fork' a project on GitHub you are actually cloning it and registering 
  under your own username, independently of the original project. You can then clone 
  and push changes to your personal fork without requiring access to the original 
  repository. Github will also keep track of the relationship between the two repos, 
  so that pulls and pushes can be visualized. Forking only happens within the context
  of the GitHub.
  Clone - is taking an existing repository and making a duplicate of it. This can be done
  on local repository or GitHub to local.
  Branch - happens on a single repository and they (branches) remain part of the original 
  repository.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

  The benefit of storing the last known state of the remote locally is useful where you 
  might be offline for some time and need to make your own changes to the code. You can
  then compare them with the remote state stored locally.

 How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what 
 would be harder?

   There are other source code hosts out there like Bitbucket, Sourceforge, Gitlab, Kiln,
   Codeplane, Code Plex, Beanstalk to name a few. Some are free, some are paid. They can
   be used as alternatives to GitHub. However, if none of them would be available, having
   a local network share with remote access could work. It would need to run a software 
   similar to GitHub in order to manage the repositories and users and make it effective.
   If this option was not available, it would be much more time consuming to manage any 
   project and if the project got big enough, it could get really messy if impossible to 
   manage at all.
    